"Count your life by smiles, not tears. Count your age by friends, not years. Happy birthday!"
"Happy birthday! I hope all your birthday wishes and dreams come true."
"A wish for you on your birthday, whatever you ask may you receive, whatever you seek may you find, whatever you wish may it be fulfilled on your birthday and always. Happy birthday!"
" Another adventure filled year awaits you. Welcome it by celebrating your birthday with pomp and splendor. Wishing you a very happy and fun-filled birthday!"
"May the joy that you have spread in the past come back to you on this day. Wishing you a very happy birthday!"
"Happy birthday! Your life is just about to pick up speed and blast off into the stratosphere. Wear a seat belt and be sure to enjoy the journey. Happy birthday!"
"This birthday, I wish you abundant happiness and love. May all your dreams turn into reality and may lady luck visit your home today. Happy birthday to one of the sweetest people I've ever known."
"May you be gifted with life's biggest joys and never-ending bliss. After all, you yourself are a gift to earth, so you deserve the best. Happy birthday."
"Count not the candles...see the lights they give. Count not the years, but the life you live. Wishing you a wonderful time ahead. Happy birthday."
"Forget the past; look forward to the future, for the best things are yet to come."
"Birthdays are a new start, a fresh beginning and a time to pursue new endeavors with new goals. Move forward with confidence and courage. You are a very special person. May today and all of your days be amazing!"
"Your birthday is the first day of another 365-day journey. Be the shining thread in the beautiful tapestry of the world to make this year the best ever. Enjoy the ride."
"Be happy! Today is the day you were brought into this world to be a blessing and inspiration to the people around you! You are a wonderful person! May you be given more birthdays to fulfill all of your dreams!"
"Happy birthday! May your Facebook wall be filled with messages from people you never talk to."
"You're older today than yesterday but younger than tomorrow, happy birthday!"
"Forget about the past, you can't change it. Forget about the future, you can't predict it. And forget about the present, I didn't get you one. Happy birthday!"
"Cheers on your birthday. One step closer to adult underpants."
"Happy birthday to one of the few people whose birthday I can remember without a Facebook reminder."
"Happy Birthday! You know, you don't look that old. But then, you don't look that young, either."
"Happy birthday to someone who is smart, gorgeous, funny and reminds me a lot of myself... from one fabulous chick to another!"
"Don't get all weird about getting older! Our age is merely the number of years the world has been enjoying us!"
"As you get older three things happen. The first is your memory goes, and I can't remember the other two. Happy birthday!"
"To quote Shakespeare: 'Party thine ass off!'"
"You are only young once, but you can be immature for a lifetime. Happy birthday!"
"On your birthday, I thought of giving you the cutest gift in the world. But then I realized that is not possible because you yourself are the cutest gift in the world."
"Happy birthday to someone who is forever young!"
"It's birthday time again, and wow! You're a whole year older now! So clown around and have some fun to make this birthday your best one. Happy birthday!"
"Just wanted to be the first one to wish you happy birthday so I can feel superior to your other well-wishers. So, happy birthday!"
"Congratulations on being even more experienced. I'm not sure what you learned this year, but every experience transforms us into the people we are today. Happy birthday!"
"When the little kids ask how old you are at your party, you should go ahead and tell them. While they're distracted trying to count that high, you can steal a bite of their cake! Happy birthday!"
"Wishing you a day filled with happiness and a year filled with joy. Happy birthday!"
"Sending you smiles for every moment of your special day...Have a wonderful time and a very happy birthday!"
"Hope your special day brings you all that your heart desires! Here's wishing you a day full of pleasant surprises! Happy birthday!"
"On your birthday we wish for you that whatever you want most in life it comes to you just the way you imagined it or better. Happy birthday!"
"Sending your way a bouquet of happiness...To wish you a very happy birthday!"
"Wishing you a beautiful day with good health and happiness forever. Happy birthday!"
"It's a smile from me... To wish you a day that brings the same kind of happiness and joy that you bring to me. Happy birthday!"
"On this wonderful day, I wish you the best that life has to offer! Happy birthday!"
"I may not be by your side celebrating your special day with you, but I want you to know that I'm thinking of you and wishing you a wonderful birthday."
"I wish for all of your wishes to come true. Happy birthday!"
"Many years ago on this day, God decided to send an angel to earth. The angel was meant to touch lives and that happened! Happy birthday my sweet angel!"
"Sending you a birthday wish wrapped with all my love. Have a very happy birthday!"
" Happy birthday to you. From good friends and true, from old friends and new, may good luck go with you and happiness too!"
"A simple celebration, a gathering of friends; here wishing you great happiness and a joy that never ends."
"It's always a treat to wish happy birthday to someone so sweet."
"Happy birthday to one of my best friends. Here's to another year of laughing at our own jokes and keeping each other sane! Love you and happy birthday!"
"On this special day, I raise a toast to you and your life. Happy birthday."
"You look younger than ever! Happy birthday!"
"Words alone are not enough to express how happy I am you are celebrating another year of your life! My wish for you on your birthday is that you are, and will always be, happy and healthy. Don't ever change! Happy birthday my dear."
"I can't believe how lucky I am to have found a friend like you. You make every day of my life so special. It's my goal to make sure your birthday is one of the most special days ever. I can't wait to celebrate with you!"
"A friend like you is more priceless than the most beautiful diamond. You are not only strong and wise, but kind and thoughtful as well. Your birthday is the perfect opportunity to show you how much I care and how grateful I am to have you in my life. Happy birthday!"
"I hope that today, at your party, you dance and others sing as you celebrate with joy your best birthday."
